#The most stressful part of going to college is paying for college. The price is not at all affordable for the typical 18 year old entering their first year so it is almost a given that a student will have to take out loans. With twitter being the most prevelent outlet for college students to voice there issues. Whether it is federal loans or private loans, there is a large number of students voicing there despise for this ineveitable debt. My goal for this project was to create a code that encapsulated how many college students feel all across the country about paying for tuition. I was set on just something like a twitter bot, but due to restrictions, I have it produce "tweets" only to the terminal. My first step was to look through twitter for tweets that contained the word "tuition" in it. With the the top 50 tweets I attempted to use textblob to sort out the most commonly used words from the sentences and to put the seperate words in different list. I was then going to use a loop that would go through each list and pull out any word that was not repeated a minimum of three times. With those list I was going to use the random.choice function to create sentences with the words left in the list. I was not succesful at figuring out how to make just about all of that happen in my code and recieved error after error for too long. With the deadline fast approaching for this assignment I sought after a different method to achieve something similar to what I wanted. Eventually I piled all of the sentences in an application called Word Cloud and let the application count how many times words were repeated. With this information, I created four list that all contain the most commonly used verbs, nouns, prepositions, and adjectives from the tweets. I also created a timer so that the create_quote function would run every 15 seconds. I was testing to figure out different ways to structure the sentences that would print coherent phrases to the terminal. Because the English language is so complex most of the sentences come out as if someone with the most basic knowledge of the English language is trying to convey how they feel about college. I find this really fitting because I am a person with the most basic knowledge of the python language there for I completely understand how this figurative person feels. The truth is I am super proud of this creation, even though it is not the most intricate code. When you sit at the terminal watching the sentences pop up every 15 seconds, the true meaning will begin to show. This project is important to me because I believe that University tuition is just too expensive and I would like to give a little more insight to others about what the majority of people think about tuition as well. 
